# Audio - Soundfx
vendor/lib/soundfx/libvolumelistener.so
vendor/lib64/soundfx/libvolumelistener.so

# Audio - hardware
vendor/lib/hw/audio.primary.sm6150.so
vendor/lib/libaudio_log_utils.so
vendor/lib64/hw/audio.primary.sm6150.so
vendor/lib64/libaudio_log_utils.so

# Audio Firmware
vendor/firmware/tfa98xx.cnt

# Audio ACDB
vendor/etc/acdbdata/Forte/Forte_Bluetooth_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/Forte/Forte_Codec_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/Forte/Forte_General_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/Forte/Forte_Global_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/Forte/Forte_Handset_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/Forte/Forte_Hdmi_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/Forte/Forte_Headset_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/Forte/Forte_Speaker_cal.acdb
vendor/etc/acdbdata/Forte/Forte_workspaceFile.qwsp
vendor/etc/acdbdata/adsp_avs_config.acdb

# Camera
lib/libchromaflash.so
lib64/libseemore.so
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensor.phoenix_gc02m1_depth.so
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensor.phoenix_gc02m1_front.so
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensor.phoenix_gc02m1_macro.so
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensor.phoenix_imx686.so
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensor.phoenix_ov8856.so
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensor.phoenix_s5k3t2.so
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_ofilm_gc02m1_depth.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_ofilm_gc02m1_front.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_ofilm_gc02m1_macro.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_ofilm_imx686.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_ofilm_ov8856.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_ofilm_s5k3t2.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_sunny_gc02m1_depth.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_sunny_gc02m1_front.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_sunny_gc02m1_macro.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_sunny_imx686.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_sunny_ov8856.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.sensormodule.phoenix_sunny_s5k3t2.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.default.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_ofilm_gc02m1_depth.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_ofilm_gc02m1_front.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_ofilm_gc02m1_macro.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_ofilm_imx686.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_ofilm_ov8856.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_ofilm_s5k3t2.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_sunny_gc02m1_depth.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_sunny_gc02m1_front.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_sunny_gc02m1_macro.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_sunny_imx686.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_sunny_ov8856.bin
vendor/lib/camera/com.qti.tuned.phoenix_sunny_s5k3t2.bin
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.almalence.node.sr.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.altek.node.depurple.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.camx.chiiqutils.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.eisv2.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.eisv3.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.hvx.addconstant.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.hvx.binning.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.depth.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.dummyrtb.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.dummysat.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.eisv2.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.eisv3.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.fcv.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.gpu.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.memcpy.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.mimovie.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.remosaic.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.stich.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.swregistration.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.watermark.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.node.xiaomigenderage.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.aec.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.af.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.afd.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.asd.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.awb.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.awbwrapper.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.haf.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.localhistogram.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.pdlib.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.pdlibsony.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qti.stats.pdlibwrapper.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qtistatic.stats.aec.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qtistatic.stats.af.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qtistatic.stats.awb.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.qtistatic.stats.pdlib.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.st.node.sr.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.visidon.node.clearshot.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/com.visidon.node.sr.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/libdepthmapwrapper.so
vendor/lib/camera/components/libmmcamera_cac3.so
vendor/lib/camera/fdconfigpreview.bin
vendor/lib/camera/fdconfigpreviewlite.bin
vendor/lib/camera/fdconfigvideo.bin

# Camera - Thermal
vendor/lib/libthermalclient.so
vendor/lib64/libthermalclient.so

# Charger
vendor/bin/hvdcp_opti
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.charger_monitor@1.0-service.rc

# Consumerir
vendor/lib64/hw/consumerir.default.so:vendor/lib64/hw/consumerir.sm6150.so

# Display-calibration
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_Dual_nt35597_cmd_mode_dsi_truly_panel_without_DSC.xml.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_Dual_nt35597_video_mode_dsi_truly_panel_without_DSC.xml.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_Dual_Sharp_WQHD_cmd_mode_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_Dual_Sharp_wqhd_video_mode_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_hx83112a_video_mode_dsi_truly_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_nt35597_cmd_mode_dsi_truly_panel_with_DSC.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_nt35597_video_mode_dsi_truly_panel_with_DSC.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_nt35695b_truly_fhd_command_mode_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_nt35695b_truly_fhd_video_mode_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_nt36672_truly_fhd_video_mode_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_rm69299_amoled_fhd+_video_mode_dsi_visionox_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_sharp_1080p_cmd_mode_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_Sharp_4k_cmd_mode_dsc_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_Sharp_4k_video_mode_dsc_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_sw43404_amoled_boe_fhd+_panel_with_DSC.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_sw43404_amoled_cmd_mode_dsi_boe_panel_with_DSC.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_sw43404_amoled_video_mode_dsi_boe_panel_with_DSC.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_td4328_cmd_mode_dsi_truly_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_td4328_video_mode_dsi_truly_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_td4330_cmd_mode_dsi_truly_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_td4330_video_mode_dsi_truly_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_xiaomi_37_02_0a_video_mode_dsc_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_xiaomi_37_02_0b_video_mode_dsc_dsi_panel.xml
vendor/etc/qdcm_calib_data_xiaomi_42_02_0b_video_mode_dsc_dsi_panel.xml

# Fingerprint sensor
vendor/lib/hw/fingerprint.fpc.so
vendor/lib/hw/fingerprint.goodix.so
vendor/lib/libgf_ca.so
vendor/lib/libgf_hal.so
vendor/lib/libgoodixhwfingerprint.so
vendor/lib/vendor.goodix.hardware.cap.biometrics.fingerprint@2.1.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.fingerprint@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/fingerprint.fpc.so
vendor/lib64/hw/fingerprint.goodix.so
vendor/lib64/libgf_ca.so
vendor/lib64/libgf_hal.so
vendor/lib64/libgoodixhwfingerprint.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.goodix.hardware.cap.biometrics.fingerprint@2.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.fingerprint@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.fingerprintextension@1.0_vendor.so

# CHRE
vendor/bin/chre

# Sensor
vendor/etc/sensors/config/adux1050_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/ak991x_dri_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/bu27030_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/icm4x6xx_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sm6150_adux1050_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sm6150_ak991x_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sm6150_bu27030_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sm6150_icm4x6xx_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sm6150_power_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sm6150_stk3x3x_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sm6150_tsl2560.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_amd.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_amd_sw_disabled.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_aod.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_basic_gestures.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_bring_to_ear.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_ccd.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_cm.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_dae.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_device_orient.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_diag_filter.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_distance_bound.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_dpc.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_facing.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_fmv.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_geomag_rv.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_gyro_cal.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_mag_cal.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_multishake.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_nonui.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_pedometer.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_rmd.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_rotv.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_smd.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_tilt.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_tilt_sw_enabled.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/sns_tilt_to_wake.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/stk3x3x_0.json
vendor/etc/sensors/config/tsl2560.json
vendor/etc/sensors/sns_reg_config

# Touchfeature
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.touchfeature@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.touchfeature@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.touchfeature@1.0-impl.so

# Thermal
vendor/bin/mi_thermald
vendor/bin/thermal-engine
vendor/etc/thermal-4k.conf
vendor/etc/thermal-arvr.conf
vendor/etc/thermal-camera.conf
vendor/etc/thermal-chg-only.conf
vendor/etc/thermal-engine.conf
vendor/etc/thermal-map.conf
vendor/etc/thermal-nolimits.conf
vendor/etc/thermal-normal.conf
vendor/etc/thermal-phone.conf
vendor/etc/thermal-tgame.conf

# Alarm - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
-product/app/PowerOffAlarm/PowerOffAlarm.apk|3037ab960481343e6c42d42bead164ac730476c8
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-service|09991c52c26538bd8fa46492e7e55a6938ac05ac
vendor/bin/power_off_alarm|21d09b2c83d227072e11e0f0a594baf2ecca9eed
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-service.rc|a03a9a1c818595b19272ea6ffb466e23a7fc3b05
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-impl.so|fbf078c47a2a67be329e8390c988255dd578949c
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0.so|f48d221f6678ff39bdb3e667c6e1a0f399c29232
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0-impl.so|b70f316987414c55b3ac499c6128a673fe506227
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.alarm@1.0.so|9fe9b73d0bdbee2b60ada59c33088d71e14ab430

# ANT+ - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
-lib64/libantradio.so|d7ba7651e2e5dcf2a88bcbb16cc36f1579669e3c
-lib/libantradio.so|8cac14e0ae2e6bc6d41e09bd231d61b8ac86e185
product/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0.so|1a7bee1627309c8eee55dab22b9f25c2302219ae
product/lib/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0.so|ec96aae19b9acbb3bcbd785bb9d3909790f3ff7c
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0.so|5ef111c6ecb35b94233ae694d80161e9f61b7cd6
vendor/lib64/hw/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0-impl.so|203528c568c1c5ce33b35dcb9ee9eb7ecb1de206
vendor/lib/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0.so|c87775e7482efe494d9cd91b738988f154a237fa
vendor/lib/hw/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0-impl.so|2c2769964955a031cd34056c4c7c39402d78dfb9

# ACDB
vendor/etc/acdbdata/adsp_avs_config.acdb

# Charger - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
vendor/bin/hvdcp_opti|7e5c59be16d5cf140423d727ebf7858cf989e520
vendor/bin/init.qti.chg_policy.sh|132950e9cf9c1377d03766d126719e6912fc27c9
vendor/etc/charger_fstab.qti|8464c139d93f05e86ff9c9d31b3e8617b8d9476e
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.charger_monitor@1.0-service.rc|160f0c6ccbb8276cd491990d70ac8ad25f36be68

# Firmware
vendor/firmware/a225p5_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a225_pfp.fw
vendor/firmware/a225_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a300_pfp.fw
vendor/firmware/a300_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a330_pfp.fw
vendor/firmware/a330_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a420_pfp.fw
vendor/firmware/a420_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a530_gpmu.fw2
vendor/firmware/a530_pfp.fw
vendor/firmware/a530_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a530v1_pfp.fw
vendor/firmware/a530v1_pm4.fw
vendor/firmware/a530v2_seq.fw2
vendor/firmware/a530v3_gpmu.fw2
vendor/firmware/a530v3_seq.fw2
vendor/firmware/a540_gpmu.fw2
vendor/firmware/a612_rgmu.bin
vendor/firmware/a612_zap.b00
vendor/firmware/a612_zap.b01
vendor/firmware/a612_zap.b02
vendor/firmware/a612_zap.elf
vendor/firmware/a612_zap.mdt
vendor/firmware/a615_zap.b00
vendor/firmware/a615_zap.b01
vendor/firmware/a615_zap.b02
vendor/firmware/a615_zap.elf
vendor/firmware/a615_zap.mdt
vendor/firmware/a630_gmu.bin
vendor/firmware/a630_sqe.fw
vendor/firmware/a640_gmu.bin
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b00
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b01
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b02
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b03
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.b04
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.elf
vendor/firmware/ipa_fws.mdt

# Firmware - v1.08 - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
vendor/firmware/a618_gmu.bin|cb773d4b34f610d53a4a2766e0fec5d7dd2c5982

# Keystore
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.keymaster@4.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.keymaster@4.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/libkeymasterdeviceutils.so
vendor/lib/libkeymasterprovision.so
vendor/lib/libkeymasterutils.so
vendor/lib/libqtikeymaster4.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterdeviceutils.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterprovision.so
vendor/lib64/libkeymasterutils.so
vendor/lib64/libqtikeymaster4.so

# Mlipay
vendor/bin/mlipayd@1.1
vendor/etc/init/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.mlipay@1.1-service.rc
vendor/lib64/libmlipay@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/libmlipay.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.mlipay@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.xiaomi.hardware.mlipay@1.1.so

# Perf - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
vendor/lib64/libqti-perfd-client.so|0c2b82b5e5df6e0efb03ace4a259eb63487dd2b6
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.perf@2.0.so|b05e762bf5c7e86b0d6c1be4c8ae91e3f706dca7

# Popup camera sound effects - from davinci-user-10-QKQ1.190825.002-V11.0.2.0.QFJCNXM-release-keys
media/audio/ui/popup_cangmen_down.ogg|573b107889ccf639db5455af21129ce1fee93bc5
media/audio/ui/popup_cangmen_up.ogg|f152dea254b4eaae403b791c49c60c05ccf12ea7
media/audio/ui/popup_chilun_down.ogg|e200a3de45abbf2057ca0c6a735b6a6a78ec1b1c
media/audio/ui/popup_chilun_up.ogg|908bd714b58648c8861c0e56ca7c6f0db84d4e2b
media/audio/ui/popup_jijia_down.ogg|680b41897aaa47972630012e0c68396bf4cbe9c7
media/audio/ui/popup_jijia_up.ogg|bd71c2f07f439a2afc9e9b435ef8d1a7a28a4fc1
media/audio/ui/popup_mofa_down.ogg|ebfec5126f64a5eea69aad43af169de5eed398ae
media/audio/ui/popup_mofa_up.ogg|95ef57769ca5e4a3264e4adf7c9958d55ff1a32c
media/audio/ui/popup_muqin_down.ogg|3ecf82ae3d4ec853e0832901d2163c252ad62e07
media/audio/ui/popup_muqin_up.ogg|047ae904c2932bc6112cd7ef4458f4cad1972181
media/audio/ui/popup_yingyan_down.ogg|de1623b20f311322dc79a3d152ca30318e1ed0db
media/audio/ui/popup_yingyan_up.ogg|0c3a716ba49dd682a6d58cca04eece0f81ca6834

# Power-off charging daemon
-sbin/charger:bin/chargeonlymode|5665db380f55cad069f64d4ebd84e4dc41766f2a

# Qualcomm MSM Interface - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
etc/permissions/qti_libpermissions.xml|593bcb72cce68ceb0a70f50bcae7d460114e7c62
etc/permissions/qti_permissions.xml|e6ff4572352b1a4f91b6b9d7cbb1cad9924410a0
vendor/bin/irsc_util|6dfe682b6e12be1cb26c0b497681c3e55441b4c5
vendor/bin/pd-mapper|06cf11cb5c0b0c0b15fa2457efb65f9b1727d3ba
vendor/lib64/libdiag.so|1bd20f99a1960f37f65e45ba67ffaebf40ced291
vendor/lib64/libdsutils.so|4e3397e212cc19dd76178de0ab310388c0a5a5f0
vendor/lib64/libidl.so|fda78e792c95e858ce9c1eb43d08b1c742c2a867
vendor/lib64/libminkdescriptor.so|e6b80af25a637958eaa7816501f794442937c5eb
vendor/lib64/libqcci_legacy.so|8351d105b794998a2200560a7c56c7fa5833bd6a
vendor/lib64/libqdi.so|84d8346561f0a42fae0b95175c8024722cf35340
vendor/lib64/libqdp.so|d8ea85cb485642bdba5eb1a97b0e018ff49cd6b6
vendor/lib64/libqmi.so|f1cb1cff53478579428940142bab744c05846ebc
vendor/lib64/libqmi_cci.so|9066774e8a6b7c5c117868526def57da463ab4e0
vendor/lib64/libqmi_client_helper.so|3e27fca0f8355e9d371805a9a0a637aafea4c967
vendor/lib64/libqmi_client_qmux.so|3224ff8998dee656280156db620e6c65869970f0
vendor/lib64/libqmi_common_so.so|325a41290032b082248db307481811b2319284cc
vendor/lib64/libqmi_csi.so|0c22d5e31a90e23055387e134fe7dd75086ccf03
vendor/lib64/libqmi_encdec.so|eedf39676bf4447cb2e3f629d1d18dcad846ab85
vendor/lib64/libqmiservices.so|379f8d95378f82a37e37fa97644756d8e2ae976f
vendor/lib/libdiag.so|7aa55a7f9d2be554660f606cadfd796486144d71
vendor/lib/libdsutils.so|d7425fce45fadad875edd9e66a7eae4edc1c9876
vendor/lib/libidl.so|d6c9f9c7838bef0fc859dbcef5298426a00a7077
vendor/lib/libminkdescriptor.so|09e3972225fa9e87fe1ac98ebf9cf36886c66bca
vendor/lib/libqcci_legacy.so|83d12561d9ae46ca8485c36c2a6c4a04ea83e26d
vendor/lib/libqdi.so|922003c723b6396b0ea1296d2a95001104545a70
vendor/lib/libqdp.so|b09dae84f565ba0a31ebea36ae65a29bb4644d2c
vendor/lib/libqmi.so|a02e674cf725af6b513d677b70e24341832a6928
vendor/lib/libqmi_cci.so|f683e42b66a386361df95e3249fb8a5cda616aba
vendor/lib/libqmi_client_helper.so|ebebdf7d45032c9eaa1b31d388b2723a0fa9a856
vendor/lib/libqmi_client_qmux.so|c25855ac3c37b0c52348c2c120d35766f9112e41
vendor/lib/libqmi_common_so.so|7b9dc8aa0812be6d0f1b7ba23a2274e454052eab
vendor/lib/libqmi_csi.so|185835d6dc27fb849e2ddcbd056e1081e5c5a9f5
vendor/lib/libqmi_encdec.so|05ad9c1ef9267124a6696f6e057b372176452266
vendor/lib/libqmiservices.so|1d7b4955f37a299de37e7725cdcec25515906841

# Sensors
vendor/bin/sensors.qti
vendor/etc/sensors/hals.conf
vendor/lib/libsensorcal.so
vendor/lib/libsensorslog.so
vendor/lib/libsns_fastRPC_util.so
vendor/lib/libsns_low_lat_stream_stub.so
vendor/lib/libsnsdiaglog.so
vendor/lib/libssc.so
vendor/lib/libssc_default_listener.so
vendor/lib/libssccalapi.so
vendor/lib/sensors.ssc.so
vendor/lib64/libsensorcal.so
vendor/lib64/libsensorslog.so
vendor/lib64/libsns_fastRPC_util.so
vendor/lib64/libsns_low_lat_stream_stub.so
vendor/lib64/libsnsdiaglog.so
vendor/lib64/libssc.so
vendor/lib64/libssc_default_listener.so
vendor/lib64/libssccalapi.so
vendor/lib64/sensors.ssc.so

# Soter
-vendor/app/SoterService/SoterService.apk
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.soter@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.soter@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.soter@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.soter@1.0-impl.so

# Thermal
-vendor/lib64/libthermalclient.so
-vendor/lib/libthermalclient.so

# Time - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
-vendor/app/TimeService/TimeService.apk;:timeservice_app_cert|b14cbcb47ca2723c2d2dd1e582e3bdda2fa89077
vendor/bin/time_daemon|ba849f28c92d9a2c71d187b227897f2aad276733
vendor/etc/init/init.time_daemon.rc|b253ca2a498757e14e1d7a051bf504ae09218f51
vendor/lib64/libtime_genoff.so|2c052df0d8c69e351ab59a434ae8c1405fedd689

# Trusted User Interface - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0-service-qti|d4d025e0a12af87f65104fe07801517938733603
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0-service-qti.rc|2cfc563d7e1579374f001c94588fae7835a12ffc
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0.so|1ac676dca4c81094b254b62f1b608e471b385847

# WiFi Display - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
bin/wfdservice|796065af8c62bf53bab826597b05c5db40b2de5e
etc/init/wfdservice.rc|117d11af28ceda7ecf6009d7dc10ffc6bda25fa5
etc/wfdconfigsink.xml|8da3665f12e83befb699bfa871efafa5125cbfd7
-framework/WfdCommon.jar|d3f2ef2a28ac4da51271c10435e75bb93e7f70d8
lib64/libFileMux.so|228126318753b110f602b917c6730f53710d1172
lib64/libmmosal.so|c06697b161d3ebb9bd2032a82151dc169910d6f7
lib64/libmmparser_lite.so|5aefb16f348b18febf96d89595eef3c860a06b86
lib64/libmmrtpdecoder.so|a2cb4a23b1e8b9799d673e334d0da080451a94ec
lib64/libmmrtpencoder.so|e79c6db54300077b3fdcfe223596f2d0b682114a
lib64/libwfdclient.so|ad7dd23b9bc4e17225697fb46df8b60266ca257f
lib64/libwfdcommonutils.so|e149722f92c11049b7be076468fcc2dc9502c929
lib64/libwfdconfigutils.so|c6f3f5c498450ddc95b1803ba059c0f7dc23587d
lib64/libwfdmminterface.so|18946765bfcc56589ca1f71e46f43858d76e8d5b
lib64/libwfdmmsink.so|109a6652c6a90658c822ef901fff64973f359e4c
lib64/libwfdnative.so|fb7b002daf26713c54360f837b23db37bee42dfc
lib64/libwfdrtsp.so|8b76ee7f17ae2475f8d8f61b6a94c514a8f5a59a
lib64/libwfdsinksm.so|a1d916ab231c42c4d25edd20a95d756333b34700
lib64/libwfdsm.so|2226363941169fe38c5fb926d8f62e3cbc8f52d0
lib64/libwfduibcinterface.so|aefe6fc4e964d21f53eaeb0eaf59d779ad4c1ce3
lib64/libwfduibcsinkinterface.so|c48c93990b73f18f27ba112f1df1c89f960044d1
lib64/libwfduibcsink.so|03f550385ffc5549b510d2240914d53deea7f619
lib64/libwfduibcsrcinterface.so|0e0502124a3d6b82890114a96d29459d6d00e39f
lib64/libwfduibcsrc.so|72ae9ef578d8b9383d1059b655df92d8289ee979
lib/com.qualcomm.qti.wifidisplayhal@1.0.so|2227447b0e0b0c0d4e876d2e89a18b9114c81ecb
lib/libFileMux.so|f67244b5e7f3e114c5dd7c15813eb6da1893e535
lib/libmmosal.so|59b679008698314acae8f4f2f55d16362b8cd22c
lib/libmmparser_lite.so|65d06004469cc183ec8314e4c63e62ce03071632
lib/libmmrtpdecoder.so|bd04668a216415d3d493be8906b9867c60cbf07d
lib/libmmrtpencoder.so|898ed493188fbf5aa5ba0b2159750805ca1ce33c
lib/libwfdaac.so|12507c8d0275b3cb92c3068854711f6bf7810955
lib/libwfdavenhancements.so|be993eca16c976434120cdb6826fc654cd8edfdf
lib/libwfdclient.so|f912d1e1a5b2093a3e3d8b18d730ff20c8ec0027
lib/libwfdcommonutils.so|ab565ebc1b33a117085081432b54f632dd741710
lib/libwfdconfigutils.so|16f873f6ffa0b4d4d46de1d8c5225ef0ff372be2
lib/libwfdmminterface.so|a177317aa52a38a4485ad456cb18a13b2569a943
lib/libwfdmmsink.so|d48c3909217f4a5c9a8319aef71570913fddb908
lib/libwfdmmsrc_system.so|9f724810288814afe7253a217a39a761aa29ff81
lib/libwfdrtsp.so|10c88f42c141e48b7faf55099842b520f232f569
lib/libwfdservice.so|da712abac693c5264028e207faa3878b3b3ee015
lib/libwfdsinksm.so|6bf175724841aa6a771fbf0ffa0f9e731f51c341
lib/libwfdsm.so|3f8147d2ebacfea7ee4710db3415c3b5e23925b4
lib/libwfduibcinterface.so|55cda1140438c077c30677f881832e822d9a1066
lib/libwfduibcsinkinterface.so|45611819ff52382ef7b0dc306da3b5353cd8a852
lib/libwfduibcsink.so|7e8b44e65f89d94e4109ddabeb7abcc737bcedc5
lib/libwfduibcsrcinterface.so|7e4c6382b2eb07842b03864bd9bfe2705edb24c9
lib/libwfduibcsrc.so|73b1edd49be947a8b6de785dc16ba701257aa7d2
-priv-app/WfdService/WfdService.apk|38396ce253ec30cdd0ffe43b980afb4b08e043af
product/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.wifidisplaysession@1.0.so|a9362219c300266a90a7a26f45c70a8c427fb64d
product/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.wifidisplaysession@1.0.so|92851078f89307192cc80b2d971208bb0ce65e79
vendor/bin/wfdvndservice|c21eb2fffe1aeceac0fd6c1b8dc1ab1f13f7027a
vendor/bin/wifidisplayhalservice|7964a4f9284edfc96156bcd03d34cff003126a34
vendor/etc/init/com.qualcomm.qti.wifidisplayhal@1.0-service.rc|ca2f5157de56d0917243522f609022b3faad3ddc
vendor/etc/init/wfdvndservice.rc|42e28fb8e0bf00620d7b9939b5bd3164ca671033
vendor/etc/wfdconfig.xml|b8e0ea8f30b12d3d6c00a4adec90ce7427fa494a
vendor/lib64/libmmparser_lite_proprietary.so|9ffb3365b40b2da8cdd9d1f673cbe3c31f141060
vendor/lib/libFileMux_proprietary.so|6354a6001ced04695788fe99feda65c8a3e74dcf
vendor/lib/libmmparser_lite_proprietary.so|92ac907da6079242ed24b13962b7ef356553f8cd
vendor/lib/libmmrtpdecoder_proprietary.so|6c0c2a36624c55599dd80b7fb574d8026271d711
vendor/lib/libmmrtpencoder_proprietary.so|a8de9837c889cc7917e146c6d22dc490c20efb9c
vendor/lib/libwfdaac_vendor.so|deb623bc115f93646d76e96f2d5b2e32dfb722fb
vendor/lib/libwfdcodecv4l2_proprietary.so|1a00f73225b912cdd2f07e3f02c4c38305e3b13d
vendor/lib/libwfdcommonutils_proprietary.so|19ede447145e85f7631d2f51b7d2f88794ccda40
vendor/lib/libwfdconfigutils_proprietary.so|811abb7432dfa6c27fdbe99468bf82948abe3cff
vendor/lib/libwfdmminterface_proprietary.so|cf33d42cf4d8ebe60ad43389f04a0046d10dcfdd
vendor/lib/libwfdmmservice_proprietary.so|a0368c2281fe96604fed099de4345aead3dffb0c
vendor/lib/libwfdmmsrc_proprietary.so|8d88cdc4df2830536568c86f8562427df784b2d1
vendor/lib/libwfdrtsp_proprietary.so|0379d1585f5892f96d1c9f6d287a979f1eb6180f
vendor/lib/libwfdsessionmodule.so|bf737075f39f8f659b2c1ee0e2d7ec93eb9bc5e7
vendor/lib/libwfdsm_proprietary.so|627ad6b9c662f483768ccc3aeea63a4cd2640dd4
vendor/lib/libwfdsourcesession_proprietary.so|9f597c156c818907525be96516eb5398b95b2b05
vendor/lib/libwfdsourcesm_proprietary.so|36b5ab958541648e1629a1c6404ee3a7a6847e1f
vendor/lib/libwfduibcinterface_proprietary.so|ce2982acb8ddcc59d6dbe82cebaae1da0c3e50b8
vendor/lib/libwfduibcsinkinterface_proprietary.so|ea23f943390aa1a45f1c3f8c111de6d322717304
vendor/lib/libwfduibcsink_proprietary.so|53ed65686f347b14520302b0664061108473a24b
vendor/lib/libwfduibcsrcinterface_proprietary.so|0caa66ac14411f8e055fd02195e68a0e555554fe
vendor/lib/libwfduibcsrc_proprietary.so|f6a2afe63999611c71735ccd14f06efae065a837
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.wifidisplaysession@1.0.so|5883162a2891cb109c46af59d5aac3f2eb133b43
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.wifidisplaysessionl@1.0-halimpl.so|0b3f05ebd11098193e5f50af3f56dd2d4ba6fffd

# WiFi Display - HDCP - from LA.UM.8.9.r1-07700-SM6xx.0
vendor/bin/wfdhdcphalservice|55874edcea056892dd192b940077c019997c9d0a
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.drm@1.1-service.wfdhdcp.rc|c266f08783a17f6583e3f22c85e55b0c200442ea
vendor/lib64/libhdcp1prov.so|cebe184605d823915de1e459534beba1536220dc
vendor/lib64/libhdcp2p2prov.so|8382fd8f783a0d9e0d54b1c546642af4d6010263
vendor/lib64/libhdcpsrm.so|8ff5bd7111e479f3428555e5fe36b42a51e72112
vendor/lib64/libmm-hdcpmgr.so|55bb035f35bb7dd190ebcf7d6534c54b163cb28d
vendor/lib64/libwfdhdcpcp.so|771b2e1637d50dd6d7b41b7e2c5719570993d9ec
vendor/lib/libhdcp1prov.so|2fc987122f6333fd2cab58abfd9de07c70f6dca5
vendor/lib/libhdcp2p2prov.so|cc3f9a5088b34f6f5de1de2a8b634916fbf437c1
vendor/lib/libhdcpsrm.so|37410ff75b6e9cfe40665f9267801a924bb5754c
vendor/lib/libmm-hdcpmgr.so|ef040f947c785cb1ee895719c329327abe42a7e3
vendor/lib/libwfdhdcpcp.so|e42d989cd23715f477e097709887b77956880f4b
vendor/lib/libwfdhdcpservice_proprietary.so|37490d36b43abf63aae7fddb728aba008454c563
vendor/lib/libwfdmodulehdcpsession.so|830813ec90df343189bfaf5e61673c144592f5bf

# ADSP - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/adsprpcd
vendor/lib/libadsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib/libadsprpc.so
vendor/lib/libmdsprpc.so
vendor/lib/libsdsprpc.so
vendor/lib64/libadsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib64/libadsprpc.so
vendor/lib64/libmdsprpc.so
vendor/lib64/libsdsprpc.so

# ADSP modules - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/capi_v2_aptX_Classic.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/capi_v2_aptX_HD.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libVC1Dec.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libVC1DecDsp_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libapps_mem_heap.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libcamera_nn_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libcvpdsp_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libdspCV_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libdsp_streamer_add_constant.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libdsp_streamer_binning.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libfastcvadsp.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libfastcvdsp_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libhexagon_nn_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libsns_device_mode_skel.so
vendor/lib/rfsa/adsp/libsns_low_lat_stream_skel.so

# Audio - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/libacdb-fts.so
vendor/lib/libacdbloader.so
vendor/lib/libacdbrtac.so
vendor/lib/libadiertac.so
vendor/lib/libadm.so
vendor/lib/libaudcal.so
vendor/lib/libaudioalsa.so
vendor/lib/libaudioconfigstore.so
vendor/lib/libaudioparsers.so
vendor/lib/libdrc.so
vendor/lib/libhdmipassthru.so
vendor/lib/libqtigef.so
vendor/lib/libsurround_3mic_proc.so
vendor/lib64/libacdb-fts.so
vendor/lib64/libacdbloader.so
vendor/lib64/libacdbrtac.so
vendor/lib64/libadiertac.so
vendor/lib64/libaudcal.so
vendor/lib64/libaudioalsa.so
vendor/lib64/libaudioconfigstore.so
vendor/lib64/libaudioparsers.so
vendor/lib64/libhdmipassthru.so
vendor/lib64/libqtigef.so

# Audio - Extensions - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/liba2dpoffload.so
vendor/lib/libbatterylistener.so
vendor/lib/libcirrusspkrprot.so
vendor/lib/libcomprcapture.so
vendor/lib/libexthwplugin.so
vendor/lib/libhdmiedid.so
vendor/lib/libhdmipassthru.so
vendor/lib/libhfp.so
vendor/lib/libsndmonitor.so
vendor/lib64/liba2dpoffload.so
vendor/lib64/libbatterylistener.so
vendor/lib64/libcirrusspkrprot.so
vendor/lib64/libcomprcapture.so
vendor/lib64/libexthwplugin.so
vendor/lib64/libhdmiedid.so
vendor/lib64/libhdmipassthru.so
vendor/lib64/libhfp.so
vendor/lib64/libsndmonitor.so

# Audio - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcompostprocbundle.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcomvisualizer.so
vendor/lib/soundfx/libqcomvoiceprocessing.so
vendor/lib64/soundfx/libqcompostprocbundle.so
vendor/lib64/soundfx/libqcomvisualizer.so
vendor/lib64/soundfx/libqcomvoiceprocessing.so

# ANT+ (vendor) - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.ant@1.0.so

# CNE - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
-vendor/app/CneApp/CneApp.apk
-product/framework/vendor.qti.hardware.data.dynamicdds-V1.0-java.jar
-product/framework/vendor.qti.hardware.data.iwlan-V1.0-java.jar
product/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.api@1.0.so
product/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.api@1.1.so
product/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.constants@1.0.so
product/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.constants@2.0.so
product/lib64/com.quicinc.cne.constants@2.1.so
product/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.connection@1.0.so
product/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.dynamicdds@1.0.so
product/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.iwlan@1.0.so
vendor/bin/cnd
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile1.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile2.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile3.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile4.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile5.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ATT/ATT_profile6.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile1.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile15.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile16.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile17.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile18.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile19.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile2.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile20.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile21.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile3.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile32.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile4.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile5.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile6.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/ROW/ROW_profile7.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile1.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile2.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile3.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile4.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile5.xml
vendor/etc/cne/wqeclient/VZW/VZW_profile6.xml
vendor/lib64/libcne.so
vendor/lib64/libcneapiclient.so
vendor/lib64/libcneoplookup.so
vendor/lib64/libcneqmiutils.so
vendor/lib64/libwms.so
vendor/lib64/libwqe.so
vendor/lib64/libxml.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.data.factory@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.cne.internal.api@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.cne.internal.constants@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.cne.internal.server@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.connection@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.connection@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.dynamicdds@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.iwlan@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.qmi@1.0.so

# Bluetooth - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.bluetooth_sar@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.bluetooth_sar@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/android.hardware.bluetooth@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.bluetooth_sar@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/libbt-hidlclient.so
vendor/lib64/libbtnv.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.bluetooth_sar@1.0.so

# Bluetooth - Audio - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/btaudio_offload_if.so
vendor/lib64/btaudio_offload_if.so
vendor/lib/com.qualcomm.qti.bluetooth_audio@1.0.so
vendor/lib/hw/com.qualcomm.qti.bluetooth_audio@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.bluetooth_audio@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/com.qualcomm.qti.bluetooth_audio@1.0-impl.so

# Bluetooth (aptX) - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
product/lib64/libaptX_encoder.so
product/lib64/libaptXHD_encoder.so

# FM - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.fm@1.0.so

# Gatekeeper - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-impl-qti.so
vendor/lib64/hw/android.hardware.gatekeeper@1.0-impl-qti.so

# IRQ balance - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/msm_irqbalance

# DRM - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/qseecomd
vendor/lib/libGPreqcancel.so
vendor/lib/libGPreqcancel_svc.so
vendor/lib/libQSEEComAPI.so
vendor/lib/libSecureUILib.so
vendor/lib/libStDrvInt.so
vendor/lib/libdrmfs.so
vendor/lib/libdrmtime.so
vendor/lib/libops.so
vendor/lib/libqisl.so
vendor/lib/librpmb.so
vendor/lib/libsecureui.so
vendor/lib/libsecureui_svcsock.so
vendor/lib/libspl.so
vendor/lib/libssd.so
vendor/lib64/libGPreqcancel.so
vendor/lib64/libGPreqcancel_svc.so
vendor/lib64/libQSEEComAPI.so
vendor/lib64/libSecureUILib.so
vendor/lib64/libStDrvInt.so
vendor/lib64/libdrmfs.so
vendor/lib64/libdrmtime.so
vendor/lib64/libops.so
vendor/lib64/libqisl.so
vendor/lib64/librpmb.so
vendor/lib64/libsecureui.so
vendor/lib64/libsecureui_svcsock.so
vendor/lib64/libspl.so
vendor/lib64/libssd.so

# DPM - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
lib64/libdiag_system.so
vendor/bin/dpmQmiMgr
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.dpm.api@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/libdpmqmihal.so

# Listen - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/libadpcmdec.so
vendor/lib/libgcs-calwrapper.so
vendor/lib/libgcs-ipc.so
vendor/lib/libgcs-osal.so
vendor/lib/libgcs.so
vendor/lib64/libgcs-calwrapper.so
vendor/lib64/libgcs-ipc.so
vendor/lib64/libgcs-osal.so
vendor/lib64/libgcs.so

# Latency - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
-product/framework/vendor.qti.latency-V2.0-java.jar
product/lib/vendor.qti.latency@2.0.so
product/lib64/vendor.qti.latency@2.0.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.data.latency@1.0.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.latency@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.latency@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.latency@2.0.so

# Graphics - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/egl/eglSubDriverAndroid.so
vendor/lib/egl/libEGL_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv1_CM_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libGLESv2_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libQTapGLES.so
vendor/lib/egl/libq3dtools_adreno.so
vendor/lib/egl/libq3dtools_esx.so
vendor/lib/libC2D2.so
vendor/lib/libCB.so
vendor/lib/libOpenCL.so
vendor/lib/libadreno_utils.so
vendor/lib/libc2d30_bltlib.so
vendor/lib/libgsl.so
vendor/lib/libllvm-glnext.so
vendor/lib/libllvm-qcom.so
vendor/lib/libpvr.so
vendor/lib64/egl/eglSubDriverAndroid.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libEGL_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libGLESv1_CM_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libGLESv2_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libQTapGLES.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libq3dtools_adreno.so
vendor/lib64/egl/libq3dtools_esx.so
vendor/lib64/libC2D2.so
vendor/lib64/libCB.so
vendor/lib64/libOpenCL.so
vendor/lib64/libadreno_utils.so
vendor/lib64/libc2d30_bltlib.so
vendor/lib64/libgsl.so
vendor/lib64/libllvm-glnext.so
vendor/lib64/libllvm-qcom.so
vendor/lib64/libpvr.so

# Graphics (HDR) - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/libhdr_tm.so
vendor/lib64/libhdr_tm.so

# Graphics (SDM) - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
-vendor/lib/libsdm-disp-vndapis.so
-vendor/lib64/libsdm-disp-vndapis.so
vendor/lib/libdpps.so
vendor/lib/libqseed3.so
vendor/lib/libsdedrm.so
vendor/lib/libsdm-color.so
vendor/lib/libsdm-colormgr-algo.so
vendor/lib/libsdm-diag.so
vendor/lib/libsdmextension.so
vendor/lib/libtinyxml2_1.so
vendor/lib64/libdpps.so
vendor/lib64/libqseed3.so
vendor/lib64/libsdedrm.so
vendor/lib64/libsdm-color.so
vendor/lib64/libsdm-colormgr-algo.so
vendor/lib64/libsdm-diag.so
vendor/lib64/libsdmextension.so
vendor/lib64/libtinyxml2_1.so

# Graphics (Vulkan) - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/hw/vulkan.msmnile.so:vendor/lib/hw/vulkan.sm6150.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vulkan.msmnile.so:vendor/lib64/hw/vulkan.sm6150.so

# Media C2 - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.media.c2@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.media.c2@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib/libmedia_ecoservice.so
vendor/lib/libqcodec2.so
vendor/lib64/libmedia_ecoservice.so
vendor/lib64/libqcodec2.so

# Media - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/libAlacSwDec.so
vendor/lib/libApeSwDec.so
vendor/lib/libFlacSwDec.so
vendor/lib/libI420colorconvert.so
vendor/lib/libMpeg4SwEncoder.so
vendor/lib/libOmxAlacDecSw.so
vendor/lib/libOmxAmrwbplusDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxApeDecSw.so
vendor/lib/libOmxDsdDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxEvrcDec.so
vendor/lib/libOmxQcelp13Dec.so
vendor/lib/libdsd2pcm.so
vendor/lib/libmm-color-convertor.so
vendor/lib/libmmosal_proprietary.so
vendor/lib/libswvdec.so
vendor/lib64/libAlacSwDec.so
vendor/lib64/libApeSwDec.so
vendor/lib64/libFlacSwDec.so
vendor/lib64/libI420colorconvert.so
vendor/lib64/libMpeg4SwEncoder.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxAlacDecSw.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxAmrwbplusDec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxApeDecSw.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxEvrcDec.so
vendor/lib64/libOmxQcelp13Dec.so
vendor/lib64/libmm-color-convertor.so
vendor/lib64/libmmosal_proprietary.so
vendor/lib64/libswvdec.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.vpp@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.vpp@1.2.so

# CDSP - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/cdsprpcd
vendor/lib/libcdsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib/libcdsprpc.so
vendor/lib64/libcdsp_default_listener.so
vendor/lib64/libcdsprpc.so

# Configstore - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
-vendor/lib/libplatformconfig.so
-vendor/lib64/libplatformconfig.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.capabilityconfigstore@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.capabilityconfigstore@1.0.so

# Postprocessing - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/lib/libdisp-aba.so
vendor/lib/libdisplayqos.so
vendor/lib/vendor.display.color@1.0.so
vendor/lib/vendor.display.color@1.1.so
vendor/lib/vendor.display.color@1.2.so
vendor/lib/vendor.display.postproc@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/libdisp-aba.so
vendor/lib64/libdisplayqos.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.display.color@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.display.color@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.display.color@1.2.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.display.postproc@1.0.so

# Neural-networks - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/hw/android.hardware.neuralnetworks@1.2-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/android.hardware.neuralnetworks@1.2-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib64/libhexagon_nn_stub.so
vendor/lib64/unnhal-acc-adreno.so
vendor/lib64/unnhal-acc-common.so
vendor/lib64/unnhal-acc-hvx.so

# Peripheral manager - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/pm-proxy
vendor/bin/pm-service
vendor/lib/libperipheral_client.so
vendor/lib64/libperipheral_client.so

# Time services - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
-vendor/app/TimeService/TimeService.apk;:timeservice_app_cert
vendor/bin/time_daemon
vendor/etc/init/init.time_daemon.rc
vendor/lib/libtime_genoff.so
vendor/lib64/libtime_genoff.so

# TUI - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0-service-qti
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0-service-qti.rc
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.tui_comm@1.0.so

# Qualcomm Trusted Execution Environment - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib/libGPQTEEC_vendor.so
vendor/lib/libGPTEE_vendor.so
vendor/lib/libQTEEConnector_vendor.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/hw/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0-impl.so
vendor/lib64/libGPQTEEC_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/libGPTEE_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/libQTEEConnector_vendor.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.qteeconnector@1.0.so

# QMI - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/irsc_util
vendor/bin/pd-mapper
vendor/lib/libdiag.so
vendor/lib/libdsutils.so
vendor/lib/libidl.so
vendor/lib/libqcci_legacy.so
vendor/lib/libqdi.so
vendor/lib/libqdp.so
vendor/lib/libqmi.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_cci.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_client_helper.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_client_qmux.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_common_so.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_csi.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_encdec.so
vendor/lib/libqmiservices.so
vendor/lib/libqmi_vs-google-1.so
vendor/lib64/libdiag.so
vendor/lib64/libdsutils.so
vendor/lib64/libidl.so
vendor/lib64/libqcci_legacy.so
vendor/lib64/libqdi.so
vendor/lib64/libqdp.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_cci.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_client_helper.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_client_qmux.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_common_so.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_csi.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_encdec.so
vendor/lib64/libqmiservices.so
vendor/lib64/libqmi_vs-google-1.so

# Radio - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
-product/app/QtiTelephonyService/QtiTelephonyService.apk
-product/app/atfwd/atfwd.apk
-product/app/datastatusnotification/datastatusnotification.apk
-product/app/uimremoteclient/uimremoteclient.apk
-product/app/uimremoteserver/uimremoteserver.apk
-product/priv-app/qcrilmsgtunnel/qcrilmsgtunnel.apk
-vendor/app/IWlanService/IWlanService.apk
product/etc/permissions/UimService.xml
product/etc/permissions/com.qualcomm.qcrilmsgtunnel.xml
product/etc/permissions/embms.xml
product/etc/permissions/org_codeaurora_ims.xml
product/etc/permissions/qcrilhook.xml
product/etc/permissions/telephonyservice.xml
product/etc/permissions/uimremoteclient.xml
product/etc/permissions/uimremoteserver.xml
-product/framework/QtiTelephonyServicelibrary.jar
-product/framework/qcrilhook.jar
-product/framework/uimremoteserverlibrary.jar
vendor/bin/ATFWD-daemon
vendor/bin/hw/qcrild
vendor/bin/netmgrd
vendor/bin/port-bridge
vendor/bin/qrtr-cfg
vendor/bin/qrtr-lookup
vendor/bin/qrtr-ns
vendor/bin/qti
vendor/bin/rmt_storage
vendor/bin/tftp_server
vendor/etc/data/dsi_config.xml
vendor/etc/data/netmgr_config.xml
vendor/etc/init/netmgrd.rc
vendor/etc/init/port-bridge.rc
vendor/etc/init/qcrild.rc
vendor/lib/libmdmdetect.so
vendor/lib64/libconfigdb.so
vendor/lib64/libdsi_netctrl.so
vendor/lib64/liblqe.so
vendor/lib64/libmdmdetect.so
vendor/lib64/libnetmgr.so
vendor/lib64/libnetmgr_common.so
vendor/lib64/libnetmgr_nr_fusion.so
vendor/lib64/libnetmgr_rmnet_ext.so
vendor/lib64/libnlnetmgr.so
vendor/lib64/libpdmapper.so
vendor/lib64/libpdnotifier.so
vendor/lib64/libpower_anomaly_data.so
vendor/lib64/libqcmaputils.so
vendor/lib64/libqcrilFramework.so
vendor/lib64/libqcrildatactl.so
vendor/lib64/libqrtr.so
vendor/lib64/libqsocket.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-hal-qmi.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-ltedirectdisc.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qc-radioconfig.so
vendor/lib64/libril-qcril-hook-oem.so
vendor/lib64/librilqmiservices.so
vendor/lib64/libsettings.so
vendor/lib64/libsystem_health_mon.so
vendor/lib64/qcrild_librilutils.so
vendor/lib64/qtibus.so
vendor/lib64/qtimutex.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.data.connection@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.am@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.atcmdfwd@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.lpa@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qcrilhook@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@2.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@2.2.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.qtiradio@2.3.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim@1.2.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim_remote_client@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim_remote_client@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.uim_remote_server@1.0.so
vendor/radio/qcril_database/qcril.db
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/0_initial.sql
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/1_version_intro.sql
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/2_version_add_wps_config.sql
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/3_version_update_wps_config.sql
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/4_version_update_ecc_table.sql
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/5_version_google_feature.sql
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/6_singapore_ecc_995.sql
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/7_remove_germany_hard_ecc_110.sql
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/8_USCC_update_ecc_table.sql
vendor/radio/qcril_database/upgrade/9_taiwan_ecc_110_and_119.sql

# Radio - IMS - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
-product/app/uceShimService/uceShimService.apk
-product/priv-app/ims/ims.apk
product/etc/permissions/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.0-java.xml
product/etc/permissions/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.1-java.xml
product/etc/permissions/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.2-java.xml
-product/framework/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.0-java.jar
-product/framework/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.1-java.jar
-product/framework/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice-V2.2-java.jar
-product/framework/vendor.qti.ims.rcsconfig-V1.0-java.jar
product/lib64/lib-imsvideocodec.so
product/lib64/lib-imsvt.so
product/lib64/lib-imsvtextutils.so
product/lib64/lib-imsvtutils.so
product/lib64/libimscamera_jni.so
product/lib64/libimsmedia_jni.so
product/lib64/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@2.0.so
vendor/bin/ims_rtp_daemon
vendor/bin/imsdatadaemon
vendor/bin/imsqmidaemon
vendor/bin/imsrcsd
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@2.1.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.imscmservice@2.2.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.uceservice@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/com.qualcomm.qti.uceservice@2.1.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imscmservice.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsdpl.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsqimf.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsrcs-v2.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsrcsbaseimpl.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsvtcore.so
vendor/lib64/lib-imsxml.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpcommon.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpcore.so
vendor/lib64/lib-rtpsl.so
vendor/lib64/lib-siputility.so
vendor/lib64/lib-uceservice.so
vendor/lib64/librcc.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.googleext.imsext@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.googleext.imsext@2.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.2.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.3.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.4.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.radio.ims@1.5.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.ims.callinfo@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.ims.rcsconfig@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@2.0-service-Impl.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.imsrtpservice@2.0.so

# Radio-Ext - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.google.radioext@1.0-service
vendor/etc/init/vendor.google.radioext@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib/vendor.google.radioext@1.0.so
vendor/lib/vendor.google.radioext@1.1.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.google.radioext@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.google.radioext@1.1.so

# Radio-Ext - Bluetooth Stats - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/etc/bluetooth_power_limits.csv

# Cacert - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
-vendor/app/CACertService/CACertService.apk
vendor/lib/libcacertclient.so
vendor/lib/libjnihelper.so
vendor/lib/vendor.qti.hardware.cacert@1.0.so
vendor/lib64/libcacertclient.so
vendor/lib64/libjnihelper.so
vendor/lib64/vendor.qti.hardware.cacert@1.0.so

# GPS - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/loc_launcher
vendor/bin/lowi-server
vendor/bin/xtra-daemon
vendor/lib/libgnsspps.so
vendor/lib/libizat_core.so
-vendor/lib/liblbs_core.so
vendor/lib64/libdataitems.so
vendor/lib64/libgnsspps.so
vendor/lib64/libizat_core.so
-vendor/lib64/liblbs_core.so
vendor/lib64/libloc_api_v02.so
vendor/lib64/liblowi_client.so
vendor/lib64/liblowi_wifihal.so
vendor/lib64/libqdma_file_agent.so

# Hotword enrollment - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
-product/priv-app/HotwordEnrollmentXGoogleHEMIDELTA/HotwordEnrollmentXGoogleHEMIDELTA.apk;PRESIGNED
-product/priv-app/HotwordEnrollmentOKGoogleHEMIDELTA/HotwordEnrollmentOKGoogleHEMIDELTA.apk;PRESIGNED

# Snapdragon Computer Vision Engine
vendor/lib/libfastcvdsp_stub.so
vendor/lib/libfastcvopt.so
vendor/lib64/libfastcvdsp_stub.so
vendor/lib64/libfastcvopt.so

# SSR - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/ssr_setup
vendor/bin/subsystem_ramdump

# Thermal - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/thermal-engine

# Wifi - from flame-user 10 QQ2A.200305.003 6156912-release-keys
vendor/bin/hw/vendor.google.wifi_ext@1.0-service-vendor
vendor/etc/init/vendor.google.wifi_ext@1.0-service.rc
vendor/lib64/vendor.google.wifi_ext@1.0.so
